Interview Protocol.md, before:

# How do we interview?

As we build out the Fimio team, having a clear method of interviewing will be helpful to keep us moving. This methodology can change as our company does, of course, but our current process is outlined here.

Note that at Fimio, we believe in building and upholding a fair and inclusive workplace. To support this, it is important to avoice interview bias--it is unfair to the candidate and can lead to a less diverse and less effective workforce. If you have any questions on how to avoid bias while interviewing, please reach out to @seeglenn and @omoju for additinal resources and assistance. By working together to avoid interview bias, we can ensure that we are making the best hiring decisions for our team and for the success of Fimio. 

## Interview Outline 🗒️

### Review resumes Tuesday and Thursday Mornings 🗓️

- template response to move forward (will link when written)
- template response for thank you, no (will link when written)

### Phone screen - @seeglenn 📲

- review background
- what is experience working remotely/asynchronously? 
- communication skills

If pass, then

### Technical interview - @omoju 🖥️

Omoju will provide candidate with a coding project, and then review. 
- If it works, @omoju will meet to walk through solutions of their project
- If it doesn't work, thank you, no email

If pass, then

### Interpersonal meeting - @josh 🤝

- will work closely together, need to understand work capabilities

If pass, then

### Offer and onboarding 🎉

Commit message:

Update Interview Protocol.md
Add templates for canned responses. I have them saved as template in Gmail.

Interview Protocol.md, after:

# How do we interview?

As we build out the Fimio team, having a clear method of interviewing will be helpful to keep us moving. This methodology can change as our company does, of course, but our current process is outlined here.

Note that at Fimio, we believe in building and upholding a fair and inclusive workplace. To support this, it is important to avoice interview bias--it is unfair to the candidate and can lead to a less diverse and less effective workforce. If you have any questions on how to avoid bias while interviewing, please reach out to @seeglenn and @omoju for additinal resources and assistance. By working together to avoid interview bias, we can ensure that we are making the best hiring decisions for our team and for the success of Fimio. 

## Interview Outline 🗒️

### Review resumes Tuesday and Thursday Mornings 🗓️

- template response to move forward: 
 - Dear [name],
   Thank you for applying for the [role] position at Fimio. After reviewing your resume, we'd like to invite you to a phone interview to get to know you a
   little better! Are you available for a call? It won't take longer than 30 minutes. 
   
   Please schedule based on your best availability here[link to calendly], and be sure to provide a phone number where you can be reached. If you'd prefer
   Zoom, please let me know.
   
   Looking forward to connecting,
   [name]
  
- template response for thank you, no:
  - Dear [name],
    Thank you for applying for the [role] position at Fimio. After careful review and consideration, we have decided not to take your application further.
    We appreciate the time and effort you put into your application, but feel that other candidates are more suitable for the position at this time.
    
    We wish you the best of luck in your job search and future endeavors! Thank you again for considering our company, and please don't hesitate to reach
    out again if we have another open role that interests you. 
    
    Best,
    [name]

### Phone screen - @seeglenn 📲

- review background
- what is experience working remotely/asynchronously? 
- communication skills

If pass, then

### Technical interview - @omoju 🖥️

Omoju will provide candidate with a coding project, and then review. 
- If it works, @omoju will meet to walk through solutions of their project
- If it doesn't work, thank you, no email

If pass, then

### Interpersonal meeting - @josh 🤝

- will work closely together, need to understand work capabilities

If pass, then

### Offer and onboarding 🎉
